Add Microsoft IIS Mixin (#970)
grafana/jsonnet-libs: microsoft-iis-mixin/README.md

# Microsoft IIS Mixin

Microsoft IIS mixin is a set of configurable Grafana dashboards and alerts.

The Microsoft IIS mixin contains the following dashboards:

- Microsoft IIS overview
- Microsoft IIS applications

and the following alerts:

- MicrosoftIISHighNumberOfRejectedAsyncIORequests
- MicrosoftIISHighNumberOf5xxRequestErrors
- MicrosoftIISLowSuccessRateForWebsocketConnections
- MicrosoftIISThreadpoolUtilizationNearingMax
- MicrosoftIISHighNumberOfWorkerProcessFailures

Default thresholds can be configured in `config,libsonnet`

```js
{
  _config+:: {
    alertsWarningHighRejectedAsyncIORequests: 20        // requests
    alertsCriticalHigh5xxRequests: 5,                   // # of 500 level requests
    alertsCriticalLowWebsocketConnectionSuccessRate: 80,// %
    alertsCriticalHighThreadPoolUtilization: 90,        // %
    alertsWarningHighWorkerProcessFailures: 10,         // failures
  },
}
```

## Microsoft IIS overview

> The Microsoft IIS overview dashboard provides details on traffic, connections, files sent/received, and access logs. [Promtail and Loki needs to be installed](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/installation/) and provisioned for logs with your Grafana instance. Microsoft IIS access logs are found under `C:\inetpub\logs\LogFiles\W3SVC*\u_ex*.txt`. There will typically be a folder `W3SVC[siteID]` for each site. Under that folder there will be a number of log files corresponding to each date (Example: u_ex230313.txt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Microsoft IIS overview dashboard provides details on traffic, connections, files sent/received, and access logs. [Promtail and Loki needs to be installed](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/installation/) and provisioned for logs with your Grafana instance. Microsoft IIS access logs can be found via this glob `C:\inetpub\logs\LogFiles\W3SVC*\u_ex*.txt`. There will typically be a folder `W3SVC[siteID]` for each site. Under that folder there will be a number of log files corresponding to each date (Example: u_ex230313.txt).
```

For some reason reading that was hard to understand for me since its a file glob pattern not a folder. Feel free to reword I think theres probably a better wording to convey.
